what would you do if you were locked in
a home with a blind special forces
operator trying to kill you
would you be able to outsmart him or
possibly kill him
in this video i will show you how to
beat the blind man
in don't breathe rocky here is trying to
make as much money as she can so she can
move away to a nicer area
she meets with her partner and they talk
about a veteran that lives alone
and has a lot of cash they then scout
out the house
and see the veteran walking his dog
they also notice that he is blind and
think the robbery just got a whole lot
easier
when they saw him they should have
noticed that he looks to be in good
shape
they should also know that he probably
has multiple guns
and may sleep with one especially
because he is blind and a former special
forces operator
that night they arrive at the man's
house
when they try to open the front door
they see he has four locks
they have the key to the man's house so
when they see the extra locks
they should know this guy means business
they try the side door but it's locked
so they break into the house
through a window rocky quickly shuts
off the alarm before it goes off
if this man is blind breaking through
glass is not the smartest idea
but luckily the veteran didn't hear it
they search the home for the money
when this guy enters the veterans room
he tries to fill it with sleeping gas
when the veteran sits up the veteran
goes back to bed and the group sees a
locked door
they try to break the lock but can't so
this guy takes his gun
and shoots the lock okay if the veteran
is still sleeping this is for sure going
to wake him up
also when the burglar filled the room
with sleeping gas
he didn't even bother to block the door
the blind man shows up and they quietly
try to back away
the burglar then shoots a warning shot
for him to stay back
but the blind man easily disarms him
the blind man asks him if there is
anyone else and the burglar says
no the man then shoots and kills him
alex is walking down the hallway when
the man appears
and locks the doors and boards up all
the windows
rocky sees the veteran enter the code to
the safe
when he leaves rocky and alex open the
safe
and grab the bundles of cash the blind
man takes the dead body
and they try to find an escape with all
the windows and doors blocked
they resort to looking in the dark
basement
while in the basement a girl jumps out
at them and she is
tied up they are horrified and realize
the blind man
is a psycho too upstairs
the veteran feels around and realized
there are more people in the house
the girl shows them that she killed the
veteran's daughter and he is using her
for his sick plan
they are directed to a safe that has the
keys to the girl's chains
rocky and alex open the safe and release
the tied up girl
doing this is not smart but i would want
someone to help me
if i was tied up it will be difficult to
find an escape with three people
because of more noise and less room
the veteran opens the basement door
right in front of them
he shoots and misses alex and rocky but
kills the girl he has tied up
the blind man shuts the lights off so
alex and rocky
are just as blind as him the man knows
the layout of the basement and he starts
to shoot at anything he hears
he finds alex and tries to shoot him but
the gun
is out of ammunition alex escapes the
veteran's grasp and tries to find rocky
this basement is filled with things to
throw
they could take something off the shelf
and throw it so the veteran gets
distracted
this would buy them some time and allow
them to escape
alex and rocky escape the basement and
run into a bedroom but the veteran
is not far behind the veteran starts to
break down the door when alex and rocky
see a vent they can climb in
rocky makes it into the vent but when
the man breaks down the door
his dog charges alex and knocks him
through the window
and he lands on more glass the dog then
climbs into the vent
and almost reaches rocky but she is able
to drop into a shaft
if the dog is able to push alex through
the window
i would take something in the room break
the glass
and jump out of it also they still
haven't picked up
anything to use as a weapon alex looks
up and the blind man shoots at him
but breaks the glass below him alex gets
up
and makes his way through the home
trying to set off the alarm
the veteran hears him and starts to
shoot at alex but he makes it into the
washing room
the veteran tracks him there but alex
finally takes a weapon
and knocks the gun out of his hands the
man easily overpowers alex but luckily
the washer turns on
buying him some time alex just sits
there so when the veteran stops the
washer
he proceeds to beat alex even more
rocky gets pulled out of the vent and
gets knocked out
when she wakes up she is tied up like
the previous girl
the man tells her his sick plan he says
that rocky will give birth to his kids
because the previous tied up girl
died with his kids alex is still
alive and searches the home for rocky
at this point it's everyone for
themselves
after all that's happened would try to
leave and forget about this place for
the rest of my life
the veteran takes his glue and tries to
impregnate rocky but alex knocks him
down
and frees rocky they make it to the
front door
when alex gets killed by the man but
luckily rocky escapes
the veteran sends his dog after rocky
and she runs away
she makes it into her car right before
the dog reaches her
but the keys are nowhere to be found
rocky is able to trap the dog in the car
but when she steps out
she is knocked out by the veteran he
drags her back to his house and drops
her body next to alex's dead body
smartly she sets off the alarm and is
able to hit the man with her crowbar
one final hit sends the veteran tumbling
down
and she is able to escape with the money
when she is talking with her sister she
sees on the news that the veteran
is still alive that is how the movie
ends
let me know what you would do if a blind
special forces operator was trying to
kill you
if you enjoy this content feel free to
check out my other videos